---
layout: project
title:  "SIG 1"
date:   2017-01-27 13:37:01
author: Gerdriaan Mulder
categories:
- project
website: http://www.giphouse.nl/
---

## SIG 1

#### SIG and BCH
Software Improvement Group is an IT company that seeks to improve code quality in the industry by taking on an advisory role, providing tools, information, and auditing services. One of SIGs services is a tool called Better Code Hub, which can analyze GitHub repositories. This lets developers view their grades and improvement points, both helping them get better at their trade, and allowing them to show off the quality of their work.

#### The Project
Our group is developing a mobile app that lets users view and share their Better Code Hub results. Currently, BCH is only accessible through the website bettercodehub.com, but our app will provide a mobile counterpart. It serves to provide a compact overview of your current and past performance, and to allow for easy sharing on social media. The focus is on developing for android, with a possible iOS version following in the future.

#### Functionality
The app integrates with GitHub, allowing the user to sign in with their GitHub account. The app displays a general overview, with a general score and various stats to give the user an idea of their performance as a whole. The app also mirrors most of the website's functionality, showing the BCH score of each of their repos, as well as showing which guidelines have been met, and where there are improvement points. Users can also choose to share specific info on their social medium of choice.

