courses/2016-fall.md, before:

---
layout: content
title: GiPHouse 2016 fall course web page
permalink: /courses/2016-fall/
---

***

Slides
------

| week | SDE |
|------|-----|
| 35   | [Introduction](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B-PvRCEtmcVvbzdLRnA0cTI5aG8), [Entrepreneurship](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3U8jOHwa6EbcG9TNmJsZjZLaGc), Nominal Group Technique: [slides](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B-PvRCEtmcVvOS13V1V4UHZaZDg) and [example from class](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B-PvRCEtmcVvaExHX1dhWmxqTGs)    |

***

Schedule
--------

<iframe style="width: 100%; height: 1200px" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qeQnQCwTYo31TmKZ4Y9yD3m0CNZ65YFJFpREFgVy21g/pubhtml?gid=884926167&amp;single=true&amp;widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>

***

Contact
-------
Teachers (for course-related questions):

* Giso Dal, gdal AT cs.ru.nl
* Marko van Eekelen, marko AT cs.ru.nl (coordinator)

GiPHouse CEO / CTO (for company-related questions):

* Mats Ouborg, CEO, mats.ouborg AT giphouse.nl
* Gerdriaan Mulder, CTO, gerdriaan.mulder AT giphouse.nl
* Questions for both? directors AT giphouse.nl


***

GiPHouse Rooms
-----------------
For GiPHouse, we have two rooms in the Mercator building, called 'New York' and 'Sidney'. You can find them at M1.0.08 and M1.0.13. You can reserve a room at the [reservations page](http://reservations.giphouse.nl).

***

Available devices
-----------------
GiPHouse has a device pool for its employees. If you want to borrow a device for a day, go to Simone's office at M1.0.06 for the key of the locker.

These are the available devices:

Locker | Device
------ | ------
1      | Asus laptop
3      | iPad
8      | Windows 8 tablet
2      | Macbook Air
7      | Macbook Air

Commit message:

fall-2016: slides can be found in the schedule

courses/2016-fall.md, after:

---
layout: content
title: GiPHouse 2016 fall course web page
permalink: /courses/2016-fall/
---

***

Slides
------

The slides can be found inside the schedule below.

***

Schedule
--------

<iframe style="width: 100%; height: 1200px" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qeQnQCwTYo31TmKZ4Y9yD3m0CNZ65YFJFpREFgVy21g/pubhtml?gid=884926167&amp;single=true&amp;widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>

***

Contact
-------
Teachers (for course-related questions):

* Giso Dal, gdal AT cs.ru.nl
* Marko van Eekelen, marko AT cs.ru.nl (coordinator)

GiPHouse CEO / CTO (for company-related questions):

* Mats Ouborg, CEO, mats.ouborg AT giphouse.nl
* Gerdriaan Mulder, CTO, gerdriaan.mulder AT giphouse.nl
* Questions for both? directors AT giphouse.nl


***

GiPHouse Rooms
-----------------
For GiPHouse, we have two rooms in the Mercator building, called 'New York' and 'Sidney'. You can find them at M1.0.08 and M1.0.13. You can reserve a room at the [reservations page](http://reservations.giphouse.nl).

***

Available devices
-----------------
GiPHouse has a device pool for its employees. If you want to borrow a device for a day, go to Simone's office at M1.0.06 for the key of the locker.

These are the available devices:

Locker | Device
------ | ------
1      | Asus laptop
3      | iPad
8      | Windows 8 tablet
2      | Macbook Air
7      | Macbook Air
